Support universal equality of unsigned numeric types (#3584)
scala-native/scala-native: docs/user/interop.rst

and conversely ``unsignedByteValue.toByte``, ``unsignedShortValue.toShort``, ``unsignedIntValue.toInt``,
``unsignedLongValue.toLong``, ``unsignedSizeValue.toSize``.

Universal equality is supported between signed and unsigned integers, for example ``-1.toUByte == 255`` or ``65535 == -1.toUShort`` would yield ``true``, 

> However, similary to singned integers on JVM, class equality between different (boxed) integer types is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, similar to signed integers on JVM, class equality between different (boxed) integer types is not supported.
```
